The only thing that bothered me about
these two series of the little I've seen
look at Fidel he knows me you can know that
for me my family is big so
what I didn't like about the state of
his series is a comment that Rocío made about
her uncle Pepe Pililla is that I heard in
the kitchen that Uncle PP said these
kids are going to ruin some things for you and that
bothered me because Rocío
Juradó told me the story in a different
way in front of her mother Rosario and it
shocked me no it wasn't like that 'Tito' PP asked
a friend of the Roosters for some money
that was like 18 thousand pesetas or something like that
and they were missing three thousand and he
borrowed it again and arrived home and gave it
to Antonio Pinilla take it that she was a girl
go to Madrid and be disillusioned for
her that she was and that disillusionment that we won't
take away but let her go and it will be
her Uncle Pepe the one who has never gotten involved in
anything and he is there I stayed signing  with
that part of the discussion